Update ProxyDroid (by @NVISOSecurity) (#3111)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tools/android/MASTG-TOOL-0120.md

---
title: ProxyDroid
platform: android
source: https://github.com/madeye/proxydroid/
---

> ProxyDroid is an app that configures your device to send HTTP(s) traffic to a proxy. It is especially useful for applications that ignore the system's proxy settings, as it uses `iptables` to force the traffic to your proxy. Due to the usage of `iptables`, there are a few important things to take into account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ProxyDroid is an open source app [available in Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.proxydroid) that configures your device to send HTTP(S) traffic to a proxy. It is especially useful for apps that ignore the system's proxy settings, as it uses `iptables` to force the traffic to your proxy.

Due to the usage of `iptables`, there are a few important things to take into account:
```

> - ProxyDroid only works on a rooted device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ProxyDroid only works on rooted devices
```

---
title: ProxyDroid
platform: android
source: https://github.com/madeye/proxydroid/
---

ProxyDroid is an open source app [available in Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.proxydroid) that configures your device to send HTTP(S) traffic to a proxy. It is especially useful for apps that ignore the system's proxy settings, as it uses `iptables` to force the traffic to your proxy.

> Due to the usage of `iptables`, there are a few important things to take into account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the usage of `iptables`, there are a few limitations to consider:
```
